---
layout: post
title:  "Changelog v0.0.1"
subtitle: 
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories: 
- defenthesis
image: '/img/posts/2022-10-19-Changelogv001/Towers+gizmos_2.png'
tags:
comments: true
id: 2022-10-19-Changelogv001
---

Welcome to the home for Defenthesis. 

<!--more-->
<br>

## ADDED
- New website for Defenthesis
- New Unity project (Unity 2021.3.9)

## UP NEXT
- Initial prototype featuring molecule collision, reactions, & tower placement

---  

## THOUGHTS
This is my attempt to make a game that gives players something unique. A game that really leans into the subjects of chemistry and engineering, but requires intuition rather than rote memorization to solve problems. A game that teaches you what it's like to _think_ like a chemist, rather than learn what chemistry students are taught to think about. My goal is to make a game that anyone from any background can pick up, play, and discover the very same "ah ha!" moments that make the chemical sciences so much fun for me. 

Except you won't have to spend 10 years doing lab work to realize them like I did :)

I have no delusions that these posts will probably be read by no one. I'm mostly using them as a tool to improve the clarity of my thoughts. However, if by some small miracle you are reading this, I hope I can give you some insights into my game dev process and entertain you along the way. In the age of YouTube, Tiktok, and so many other remarkable rabbit holes, I really appreciate your time. So thank you.

Although the game is in early stages, please check in occasionally for new updates & playable web demos. 
I will be adding an option to subscribe for automatic email updates soon. 

Thanks!




{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
    *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
    *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables    */
    var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = "{{ site.url }}{{ page.url }}";  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = "{{ page.id }}"; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = 'https://https-lowyieldgames-github-io-defenthesis.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();    
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}